Aws ec2 commands (#12264)
demisto/content: Packs/AWS-EC2/Integrations/AWS-EC2/README.md

| region | The AWS Region, if not specified the default region will be used. | Optional | 
| roleArn | The Amazon Resource Name (ARN) of the role to assume. | Optional | 
| roleSessionName | An identifier for the assumed role session. | Optional | 
| roleSessionDuration | The duration, in seconds, of the role session. The value can range from 900 seconds (15 minutes) up to the maximum session duration setting for the role. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| AWS.EC2.Host.HostId | String | The ID of the allocated Dedicated Host. This is used to launch an instance onto a specific host. | 

#### Command Example
```!aws-ec2-allocate-hosts availability_zone="us-east-1b" quantity=1 instance_type="m5.large" ```

#### Human Readable Output
>### AWS EC2 Dedicated Host ID
>|HostId|
>|---|
>| h-00548908djdsgfs|

### aws-ec2-release-hosts
***
Release on demand dedicated host.

#### Base Command

`aws-ec2-release-hosts`
#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | host_id | Comma-seperated of IDs of the Dedicated Hosts to release. | Required | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| host_id | A comma-separated list of IDs of the Dedicated Hosts to release. | Required | 
```
